\begin{table}[tb]
\centering
\begin{tabular}{p{5cm}p{5cm}}
\toprule
\multicolumn{1}{c}{\textbf{REASON}} & \multicolumn{1}{c}{\textbf{QUESTION}} \\
\midrule
Although VLM mentioned that the red cabinets and black countertop are static and do not indicate any movement, this information does not provide enough evidence to determine the camera movement. Since the objects are static, it's possible that the camera moved in any of the three translation directions (up, down, or side to side) or one of the three rotation directions (up, down, or around the center). I need more information to narrow down the possible movements. & Can you tell me more about the position of the red cabinets and black countertop in the source and target images? Are they in the same location, or have they moved? Are there any other objects in the images that could provide clues about the camera movement?\\
VLM has provided additional information about the positioning of the red cabinets and black countertop, and it seems that they remain in the same location in both images. Since there are no noticeable changes in their positioning, it's likely that the camera did not move at all. The information provided does not suggest any rotation or translation of the camera, so I conclude that the camera movement is "no movement" (option 1). & None\\
Although VLM mentioned that the camera movement is likely to be minimal or no movement at all, I'm not convinced yet. The information provided doesn't give me enough details about the positions of the objects in the source and target images. I'd like to ask more questions to gather more information about the relative positions of the objects to make a more accurate judgment about the camera movement. & Can you please tell me more about the positions of the objects in the source and target images? For example, is the red cabinet on the left side of the source image and on the right side of the target image? Are the objects on the countertop in the same arrangement in both images? Are there any other notable changes in the positions of the objects?\\
Based on the information provided by VLM, I'm going to take a closer look at the movement of the red cabinet. According to VLM, the red cabinet appears on the left side of the source image and on the right side of the target image. This suggests that the camera has moved to the right, which implies a rightward rotation. The fact that the objects on the countertop remain in a similar arrangement and there are no significant changes in their positions supports this conclusion. & Can you please confirm if the blue couch is in the same position in both images, and if so, is it in the same orientation? Additionally, are there any other objects in the scene that could provide further clues about the camera movement?\\
Although the VLM mentioned that the camera movement has not significantly altered the positions or the overall composition of the scene, I'm not convinced that the movement is purely a translation (no rotation). The presence of the same objects in both images suggests that the camera movement is likely a rotation, but I need more information to determine the direction of the rotation.

To gather more information, I'd like to ask VLM: & Can you describe the relative positions of the objects in the source image and the target image? For example, is the red reception desk on the left side in the source image and on the right side in the target image? Are the objects aligned with the same axes in both images?\\
The VLM's description of the object positions and movements in the source and target images provides strong evidence that the camera is rotating rightward. The red reception desk moves from the left side in the source image to the right side in the target image, and the sign "BEING HUMAN" moves from the right side of the desk to the left side. This suggests that the camera is rotating around the vertical axis, causing the objects to move horizontally. Since the objects are aligned with the same axes in both images, we can infer that the rotation is around the vertical axis, which means the camera is rotating rightward. & None\\
Since the staircase and railing are present in both images, I'm interested in knowing more about their positions and movements. Knowing that the staircase and railing are present in both images, I'd like to ask VLM more questions to determine the camera movement. For example, I'd like to know the orientation of the staircase and railing in the source image and how they change in the target image. This information will help me infer the direction of rotation. & Can you tell me more about the orientation of the staircase and railing in the source image and how they change in the target image? For example, is the staircase facing upwards or downwards in the source image, and does it change direction in the target image? Are the railing's vertical or horizontal components in the source image, and do they change in the target image?\\
Based on the information provided by VLM, I can infer that the camera has moved, but the perspective change is more related to translation (moving closer to the staircase) rather than rotation. The staircase and railing remain in the same orientation, which suggests that the camera movement is not a rotation. However, the fact that the perspective changes makes me think that the camera might have moved in a way that could be interpreted as a rotation. Since the railing's orientation remains consistent, I'm inclined to believe that the camera moved in a way that would be equivalent to a leftward rotation, although it's not a traditional rotation. I'd like to ask more questions to confirm this inference. & Can you tell me more about the specific changes in perspective between the two images? For example, is the staircase appearing larger or smaller in the target image compared to the source image? Are there any other visual cues that suggest the camera has moved in a particular way?\\
Although VLM mentioned that the chair and desk are positioned similarly in both images, suggesting minimal or non-existent camera movement, the fact that the shoes and white cloth are in the same relative positions in both images implies that the camera movement is not purely translational. The blurriness of the images makes it difficult to determine the exact camera movement, but the presence of the shoes and white cloth in the same relative positions suggests that the camera may have rotated slightly. To confirm this, I would like to ask more questions to gather more information. & Can you please provide more details about the position of the shoes in the source image and the target image? Are they facing the same direction, or has their orientation changed? Additionally, can you describe the shape and size of the white cloth or paper towel in both images? Has its position or orientation changed from the source to the target image?\\
Based on the information provided by VLM, the shoes and the white cloth or paper towel are in similar positions in both the source and target images, with the shoes still facing the same direction and the white cloth not appearing to have changed orientation. The fact that the shoes are still slightly in front of each other in both images suggests that the camera did not translate significantly. The only possible explanation for the similarity in positions is that the camera rotated slightly, and since the shoes and white cloth did not change orientation, it is more likely that the camera rotated leftward rather than rightward. The similarity in positions and orientations of the objects suggests that the camera movement was not dramatic, but the slight change in the position of the shoes and white cloth implies that the camera did rotate. & Can you please provide more details about the orientation of the chair and desk in both images? Are they facing the same direction, or has their orientation changed slightly? Additionally, are there any other objects or features in the images that could provide more clues about the camera movement?\\
Although VLM mentioned that the main objects in both images are office furniture and equipment, I don't have enough information to determine the camera movement yet. I would like to ask more questions to gather more details about the positions of these objects in the source and target images. For example, I would like to know the exact positions of the desk, chair, and shelving units in both images, and how they have changed from the source to the target image. & Can you tell me more about the positions of the desk, chair, and shelving units in both the source and target images? Are they in the same locations, or have they moved? If they have moved, in which direction have they moved?\\
VLM's description of the images provides enough information to determine the camera movement. The desk and chair have moved to the right, which suggests that the camera has rotated rightward from the source image to the target image. The shelving unit's position is unclear, but since the desk and chair have moved in the same direction, it's likely that the camera has rotated rightward. & None\\
Although the VLM mentioned that the main objects appear in both images, I'm not yet convinced about the camera movement. The positions of the objects, such as the chair in front of the table and the computer monitor on the left side, seem important in determining the camera movement. I'd like to ask more questions to gather more information before making a judgment. & Can you tell me more about the position of the chessboard and pieces in the target image compared to the source image? For example, is the chessboard still in the center of the table, or has it been moved? Are the chess pieces in the same arrangement or has it been changed?\\
The VLM's description suggests that the camera has moved to the right, capturing the same scene from a slightly different angle. This is supported by the fact that the chessboard is still in the same central position, but the black pieces have been moved, indicating that the game has progressed. This movement is consistent with a rightward rotation of the camera. The fact that the white pieces are still on the left side of the board suggests that the camera has moved to the right, rather than left or translated in any other direction. & None\\
My reason is that the VLM mentioned that the chair is positioned in front of the desk in both images, and the desk has the same objects (computer monitor, keyboard, and mouse) on it in both images. This suggests that the camera movement is likely to be minimal or negligible, but it's not enough information to conclude that there is no movement at all. I'd like to ask more questions to gather more information about the positions of the objects and any potential changes that might indicate a camera movement. & Can you tell me more about the position of the computer setup on the desk? Is it centered or offset in either image? Are there any other objects on the desk or nearby that might provide clues about the camera movement?\\
My reason is that the VLM's description of the images suggests that the camera movement is likely to be minimal or negligible. The computer setup is centered on the desk, and the chair is positioned similarly in both images, indicating that the desk and the chair are not significantly offset or rotated. Additionally, the room's layout remains consistent between the two images, which further suggests that the camera movement is not significant. Without any noticeable changes in the positioning of objects or the room's layout, it's difficult to determine the direction of the camera movement. Therefore, I choose the option "no movement" as the most likely outcome. & None\\
My reason is that the VLM is unable to provide assistance, which means that I don't have any new information about the images. Since I don't have any new information, I can't make an informed decision about the camera movement. Therefore, I choose the option "ask more questions" to try to gather more information from the VLM. & Can you try to provide more information about the images? Is there anything else you can tell me about the position of the objects, the room's layout, or any other features that might help me determine the camera movement?\\
My reason is that the VLM's observations suggest that the camera has rotated slightly to the right in the second image. The angle of the desk and chair has changed, and the perspective of the room has shifted, which indicates a rightward rotation. The VLM's description of the camera movement as "slightly to the right" also implies a small, subtle movement, which is consistent with the option "rightward rotation". & None\\
Although VLM mentioned that the camera movement is likely to be minimal or non-existent, I'm not entirely convinced. The fact that the mannequins are positioned in the same way in both images suggests that the camera movement might be more subtle. Since we're looking for a rotation, I'd like to gather more information to determine the direction of the rotation. Specifically, I'd like to know more about the positions of the other objects, such as the desk, chair, book, phone, and papers, in both the source and target images. Are they in the same relative positions, or have they changed? Knowing this information will help me narrow down the possible camera movements. & Can you tell me more about the positions of the desk, chair, book, phone, and papers in both the source and target images? Have they moved or changed in any way?\\
With the additional information provided by VLM, I'm now more confident in making a judgment about the camera movement. Since the desk, chair, book, phone, and papers are in the same relative positions in both images, it suggests that the camera movement is more likely to be a rotation rather than a translation. The fact that the mannequins are positioned in the same way in both images also supports this idea. Given that the camera movement is a rotation, I'm going to take a chance and say that it's a leftward rotation, as there's no indication of any other objects moving or changing position. If the camera were rotating rightward, we would expect some of the objects to move or change position, but since they're all in the same relative positions, a leftward rotation seems more plausible. & None\\
\bottomrule
\end{tabular}
\caption{Your Caption Here}
\label{table:your_label}
\end{table}